README.md, before:

<h3 align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/logos/exports/1544x1544_circle.png" width="100" alt="Logo"/><br/>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
	Catppuccin for <a href="https://github.com/hluk/CopyQ">CopyQ</a>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
</h3>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/copyq/stargazers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/catppuccin/copyq?colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8&style=for-the-badge"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/copyq/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/catppuccin/copyq?colorA=363a4f&colorB=f5a97f&style=for-the-badge"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/copyq/contributors"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/catppuccin/copyq?colorA=363a4f&colorB=a6da95&style=for-the-badge"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
	<img src="assets/preview.webp"/>
</p>

## Previews

<details>
<summary>🌻 Latte</summary>
<img src="assets/latte.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🪴 Frappé</summary>
<img src="assets/frappe.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🌺 Macchiato</summary>
<img src="assets/macchiato.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🌿 Mocha</summary>
<img src="assets/mocha.webp"/>
</details>

## Usage

1. Download the flavor of your choice from [themes](themes/).
2. Open the app and go to **File** > **Preferences** > **Appearance** > **Load Theme**.
3. Select the downloaded flavor file and select apply.

## 💝 Thanks to

- [Scarce Koi](https://github.com/scarcekoi)

&nbsp;

<p align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/footers/gray0_ctp_on_line.svg?sanitize=true" />
</p>

<p align="center">
	Copyright &copy; 2021-present <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin" target="_blank">Catppuccin Org</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=License&message=MIT&logoColor=d9e0ee&colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8"/></a>
</p>

Commit message:

docs: add alternative installation instructions

README.md, after:

<h3 align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/logos/exports/1544x1544_circle.png" width="100" alt="Logo"/><br/>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
	Catppuccin for <a href="https://github.com/hluk/CopyQ">CopyQ</a>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
</h3>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/copyq/stargazers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/catppuccin/copyq?colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8&style=for-the-badge"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/copyq/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/catppuccin/copyq?colorA=363a4f&colorB=f5a97f&style=for-the-badge"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/copyq/contributors"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/catppuccin/copyq?colorA=363a4f&colorB=a6da95&style=for-the-badge"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
	<img src="assets/preview.webp"/>
</p>

## Previews

<details>
<summary>🌻 Latte</summary>
<img src="assets/latte.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🪴 Frappé</summary>
<img src="assets/frappe.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🌺 Macchiato</summary>
<img src="assets/macchiato.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🌿 Mocha</summary>
<img src="assets/mocha.webp"/>
</details>

## Usage

### One-Time Installation

1. Download the flavor of your choice from [themes](themes/).
2. Open the app and go to **File** > **Preferences** > **Appearance** > **Load Theme**.
3. Select the downloaded flavor file and select apply.

### Switchable Installation

1. Download the flavor(s) of your choice from [themes](themes/).
2. Copy the file into the CopyQ themes directory (which you can find out by running `copyq info themes`).
3. Open the app and go to **File** > **Preferences** > **Appearance**.
4. Select your flavor of choice from the theme dropdown and select apply.

## 💝 Thanks to

- [Scarce Koi](https://github.com/scarcekoi)

&nbsp;

<p align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/footers/gray0_ctp_on_line.svg?sanitize=true" />
</p>

<p align="center">
	Copyright &copy; 2021-present <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin" target="_blank">Catppuccin Org</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=License&message=MIT&logoColor=d9e0ee&colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8"/></a>
</p>
